15:00 - 17:00 (2)
Group Meeting
	- Talked about how we would implement our worklog bookkeeping.
	- Talked about why we use mods - As our testing framework for our shim additions
	- Talked about how we run the existing test mods
	- Helped Sean with getting his development build (successfully)
	- Tried getting a test to run as per our Pre-Alpha targets

Total Hours: 2